*links and references we have been using*


http://www.networkcamerareviews.com/networkcameras/


  # Specs on Axis 207W:  
     http://www.axis.com/files/datasheet/ds_207mw_combo_30820_en_0801_lo.pdf
  # Axis 207W product page:  
     http://www.axis.com/products/cam_207/
  # Network Developers pages for Axis products:  
     http://www.axis.com/techsup/cam_servers/dev/index.htm
  # Programmable single board computer:  
     http://www.coridiumcorp.com/catalog/product_info.php?products_id=64
  # Books:      
  # Lethbridge, Timothy C., and Robert Laganière. Object-Oriented Software Engineering:       
  # Practical Software Development using UML and Java . New York: McGraw Hill, 2001.
  # Haskell, Richard E. Design of embedded systems using 68HC12/11 microcontrollers. New Jersey: Prentice Hall, 200.
  # Barrett, Steven F, and Daniel J Pack. Embedded Systems: Design and Applications with the 68HC12 and HCS12. New Jersey: Prentice Hall, 2005.
  # Donahoo, Michael J, and Kenneth L Calvert. TCP/IP Sockets in C: Practice Guide for Programmers. California: Academic Press, 2001

  # Dragon 12 manual link
      http://www.ece.utep.edu/courses/web3376/Dragon12.html

  # Dragon12 and Dragonfly12 example programs and references for working with CodeWarrior
     http://www.mecheng.adelaide.edu.au/robotics/wpage.php?wpage_id=56

  # Axis Developer Stuff
      http://developer.axis.com/wiki/doku.php?id=contributions&s[]=network&s[]=camera
  # Contains more output control stuff -- _very useful_
      http://www.axis.com/techsup/cam_servers/dev/cam_http_api_2_copy_with_overlay_areazoom.htm#overview_versions
  # Example client/server app tutorial in C
      ftp://ftp.sas.com/techsup/download/SASC/share5958-59/S5959v2.pdf
  # good example client/server C application
      http://www.sfu.ca/~vwchu/cclientserver.html
  # CSCE480 webpage
      http://www.cs.plu.edu/~nelsonj/csce480/
  # good step by step approach to client/server in C
      http://www.informit.com/articles/article.aspx?p=22086
  # IP camera ebay
      http://cgi.ebay.com/Axis-207W-Wireless-IP-Network-Camera-207-0241-004-NEW_W0QQitemZ320327121063QQcmdZViewItem
  # IP camera IPCamera Deals 
      http://www.ipcameradeals.com/axis-207w-network-came2070241004.html